automatic/deepgit/Readme.md, before:

# [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/AdmiringWorm/chocolatey-packages/7dde21b3f1e1dd5d27ce9e387b2a0da2ee7004fb/icons/deepgit.png" height="48" width="48" /> deepgit](https://chocolatey.org/packages/deepgit)

DeepGit is a tool to investigate the history of source code. It is based on git blame and makes it easy to trace changes to a line or block of code. DeepGit will detect code movements, even if lines are not identical.

## Features
- **DeepGit is free:** No licensing, no ads, no collection of email addresses. **DeepGit** is **free** to use for everyone, even in a commercial environment.  
  ![DeepGit: go Deeper](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/go-deeper.png)
- **Works in almost any environment:** Integrate DeepGit with any IDE which supports external tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio, IntelliJ Idea, ... and powerful text editors like Sublime.  
  ![DeepGit runs on Windows, OS X and Linux](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/platforms.png)

### Learn more
- [Check out the Tour](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/tour) to understand how DeepGit is working.  
  [![Tour](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/tour.png)](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/tour)

Commit message:

(deepgit) Added ability to load/save install configuration

automatic/deepgit/Readme.md, after:

# [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/AdmiringWorm/chocolatey-packages/7dde21b3f1e1dd5d27ce9e387b2a0da2ee7004fb/icons/deepgit.png" height="48" width="48" /> deepgit](https://chocolatey.org/packages/deepgit)

DeepGit is a tool to investigate the history of source code. It is based on git blame and makes it easy to trace changes to a line or block of code. DeepGit will detect code movements, even if lines are not identical.

## Features
- **DeepGit is free:** No licensing, no ads, no collection of email addresses. **DeepGit** is **free** to use for everyone, even in a commercial environment.
  ![DeepGit: go Deeper](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/go-deeper.png)
- **Works in almost any environment:** Integrate DeepGit with any IDE which supports external tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio, IntelliJ Idea, ... and powerful text editors like Sublime.
  ![DeepGit runs on Windows, OS X and Linux](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/platforms.png)

### Learn more
- [Check out the Tour](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/tour) to understand how DeepGit is working.
  [![Tour](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/img/index/tour.png)](https://www.syntevo.com/deepgit/tour)


## Package Parameters
- `/UseInf:` - Change the inno setup configuration file to use/save when installing

**EXAMPLE**
`choco install deepgit --params "'/UseInf:C:\deepgit.install.inf'"`
