automatic/friture/Readme.md, before:

# [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/AdmiringWorm/chocolatey-packages/c8c234b70afd4149b32252df3947de209d092e16/icons/friture.png" height="48" width="48" /> ![Friture](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/friture.svg?label=friture&style=for-the-badge)](https://chocolatey.org/packages/friture)

Friture is an application to visualize and analyze live audio data in real-time.
Friture displays audio data in several widgets, such as a scope, a spectrum analyzer, or a rolling 2D spectrogram.
This program can be useful to analyze and equalize the audio response of a hall, or for educational purposes, etc.
The name Friture is a french word for frying, also used for noise in a sound.

## Features

Friture helps you to understand audio data with several [widgets](http://friture.org/features.html)

- spectrum analyzer
- rolling 2D spectogram
- fraction-of-octave analyzer
- delay estimator
- [More](http://friture.org/features.html)

## Notes

- The uninstall is not completely silent, a dialog asking to remove Friture settings shows up

![Friture Screenshot](http://friture.org/images/friture_20150824_small.png)

Commit message:

(friture) Added note about anti-virus positives

automatic/friture/Readme.md, after:

# [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/AdmiringWorm/chocolatey-packages/c8c234b70afd4149b32252df3947de209d092e16/icons/friture.png" height="48" width="48" /> ![Friture](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/friture.svg?label=friture&style=for-the-badge)](https://chocolatey.org/packages/friture)

Friture is an application to visualize and analyze live audio data in real-time.
Friture displays audio data in several widgets, such as a scope, a spectrum analyzer, or a rolling 2D spectrogram.
This program can be useful to analyze and equalize the audio response of a hall, or for educational purposes, etc.
The name Friture is a french word for frying, also used for noise in a sound.

## Features

Friture helps you to understand audio data with several [widgets](http://friture.org/features.html)

- spectrum analyzer
- rolling 2D spectogram
- fraction-of-octave analyzer
- delay estimator
- [More](http://friture.org/features.html)

## Notes

- The installer causes quite a few positives for several anti-viruses, this seems to be caused by the usage of an unsigned installer.
- The uninstall is not completely silent, a dialog asking to remove Friture settings shows up

![Friture Screenshot](http://friture.org/images/friture_20150824_small.png)
